well howdy there internet people its Bo
again I want you to imagine me trying to
figure out exactly how to explain that
700,000 Americans are at risk of having
their lives destroyed and that they are
Americans when news of those emails pop
out maybe Stevie Steve Miller's emails
700,000 Americans you can call them
dreamers you can call them whatever
dehumanizing term you want to use but at
the end of the day these are people who
grew up here went to school with our
kids they're our neighbors and they have
harmed no one
and they're at risk of having their
lives destroyed because of policies
recommended by Steven Miller and his
emails come out and I for one am
completely shocked and amazed I can't
believe that those emails are his if you
haven't seen them I suggest you go look
at them really read them and then go
ahead and click around on the sites that
he recommends take a good look that's
what's leading the country that's a
senior White House adviser so the guy
who enacted all those policies that
people said were racist and fascist has
a whole bunch of emails that certainly
appear to reveal him as a racist fascist
and the thing is even after this the
president's going to support him the
Republicans in the Senate they're going
to continue to support the president and
their base will continue to support them
because all of these people have bought
into talking points come up with by a
bigot they sold out their country for a
red hat instead of a red armband
because at this point it's the same
thing that's becoming more and more
clear 700,000 Americas 700,000 people
who have harmed no one our risk of
having their lives destroyed
and their case is at the highest court
in the land and the messed up part is we
don't know how the courts gonna decide
they've done nothing they've hurt no one
but hey maybe it will destroy their
lives for a political talking point
because that's what America is now this
partisan garbage 700,000 people and you
could say well we just want him to
follow the law all you want but you
don't you don't care about the law if
you did you'd be calling for the
resignation of the president he
solicited a thing of value from a
foreign national for his campaign that's
illegal that's not even up for debate he
did that wasn't really about the
investigation so I kept saying make sure
you go to the microphones we want the
announcement the announcement was what
was important because that's what would
help his campaign it's a thing of value
election laws are all about this they
have them and he violated but you don't
care you'll do then that but the fact
that some kid got drunk across a border
by his parents or her parents and then
came here and built a life oh that's a
crime they're gonna have to answer for
20 years later
this country has lost its mind and it
has lost its way you know over the last
couple of weeks I've done a lot of
videos detailing some of the stuff that
has gone on in this country throughout
history people don't really like to
watch him and one of the things is how
could this have happened how did they
just let it happen we're letting it
happen right now the fact that 700,000
people who did no harm to anybody are at
risk we're not going to do anything it
doesn't matter what the court decides
when I got a protest or I could get out
in the streets we're not gonna do
anything to support 700,000 of our
neighbors maybe we will I don't know but
what I do know is it the leadership in
this country it's pretty dark it's
lacking I'm not just talking about the
White House I'm not just talking about
the Senate
we need some ideologues to step forward
some that actually want to be out there
because we're going to need it because
no matter what happens during the next
election we're gonna have to rebuild it
maybe a year from now it may be five
years from now but we're gonna have to
undo all of this damage and it's not
just repealing laws it's fixing this
country it's healing it because we're
sick we are sick no healthy nation would
this even be a debate would this even be
a discussion anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good day